what's up Rossellini bros FC here and
today i just kind of look over my
personal thoughts and feelings of mw3
and SpecOps survival mode yeah hopefully
you guys have seen the trailer that just
came out I think two days ago two three
years ago I'll put a link in the
description or an additional screen
either way but and that just came out
and that was a major hit everyone from
what I have heard and seen on Twitter
and Facebook everyone really likes that
I haven't heard any complaints about it
or negative feelings to it but I was
coming over some the major parts that I
saw once I really liked the most and
starting off with the one I really like
the armor as you can see the picture in
the screen there is armor now I think
it's not just straight-up um health it's
you have armor net which is really cool
it's kind of bringing um a little bit of
Halo into it and some other games that
use armor and it's not saying armor as
in into like a whole system but it's
like a percentage upper out what game is
it killing for if you guys are PC player
and people play PC killing it for does
armor which is really nice because that
actually really does help a good amount
but another one that I really really
liked and saw was the squad's
the deployables squads you can get I
believe it's a delta squad and a wide
control squad and of the two endings in
the picture here that was in the trailer
as well that's awesome the fact
especially if you're on a single player
like you don't play online a lot if you
don't watch my online or maybe if you
don't have online at all now when you
play spec ops you can have help because
I know a lot of times about a friend's
house who doesn't have live or from my
dad's house who doesn't have internet
right now I'm has it for a while I
couldn't play online but having spec ops
in it being a the ability to have these
crews and you swab the come down fight
for you and with you that's gonna be a
whole lot nicer than just soloing an
entire wave by yourself
I know zombies oh I saw those in that
fun so I mean having a little extra help
would be nice and then finally what I
really saw which I really hope is true I
am just kind of guessing this one is
with riot shields yes they are back
because you can see the Chow in this
juggernaut clip they are back and
they're gonna be use kind of really well
so I really hope it's gonna be um like
put together so now it's not just an
endless machine that can you can just
push forward with and not get killed now
what I'm seeing from this clip is you
guys gonna kind of see your saw and now
this picture you looks like you can get
hurt so it looks like you can get hurt
through it which basically means if you
get hit too much it takes too much
damage it fails which would be awesome
cuz and then they'd be too I was I
really didn't kick abused riot shield
somewhat easy to get around an annoying
but you can get around them and end up
III it looks like they're they have
their own little mini health system so
you can't just eat everything you
actually have to move and be tactical
about it which would be awesome because
I'm tired of getting all these guys
running around I'm w2 when I go and play
that writing it free from black ops just
went around ride shield from c4 knife
and or punching me in the face of the
shield so it'd be nice to see a nice
health system to the ride shield then it
looks like now I can't tell if he's
getting shot from the side or if it's
that little bushy part of the ride
shield if you can hit too close to your
side it breaks or it'll get through to
you hopefully that's not the point or
the problem here hopefully it's a
complete full system but should be
really nice but in the comments below
though guys let me know what you guys
thought was the coolest feature out of
the trailer whether it be the dollars
with c4 I thought that was pretty cool I
mean I'm an animal not once the
activists but supporter no no
the animals but that's pretty cool I'm
not gonna lie that's pretty fucking cool
the fact that these dogs are under
running around trying to kill you but
they have c4 on to see if you kill them
they're gonna blow you to hell that's
pretty cool I like that idea
it's kind of a but it's cool put again
in the comments low guys let me know
what us all is really cool let me know
what you guys want to see done if
there's something you didn't see in the
SpecOps trailer give me ideas I mean we
are part of IPC we do have connections
and we can possibly help me get some of
your ideas under the game I'm not gonna
beat it with definite but it was the
possibility we've done it before black
ops so lean guys for watching but let
the rest of us with rollout it's just
some Cod for sniping on bacon that's not
bacon strike my bet but yeah let us roll
out there as thing as for watching check
out my channel if you guys could please
check out I can see calm awesome website
check out the Twitter check out the
Facebook whatever talk to you guys next
time